### NFT Pass

The basic functionality of NFT pass which we created, is to handle whitelisting of NFT pass off chain. Meaning that admin will have to pay just the deployment fee of the contract where verification happens. The whitelisting of users are done off chain and minting is done by a whitelisted user through his own fees. 

To achieve this there are 2 portions. 1st is Nodejs where we are using signer private key to sign a transaction. (In our case the transaction consists of user,nonce,tokenId). After using ethers method we convert it to signature which can be only called by the allowed user or else we receive the error of invalid pass. In Solidity, allowed users invoke the transaction by providing a signature, nonce as well as tokenId. If all things are correct then user will be able to mint that NFT, if something is invalid user gets the error

1 tokenId can be minted to 1 user and each user can mint multiple NFTs depending on Nonce. The basic functionality of nonce here is to allow 1 user to get multiple Passes. As signature is generated for lifetime, when one is used we mark it used on our deployed smartcontract (which does verification). So if 1 user wants multiple signatures it would have caused an issue without usage of  nonce.

In short we can generate as many signatures as we want in our backend and then verified users can get those signatures and do the transaction by their allowed account. This way gasFee is paid by the end user and admin will have only to worry about deployment fee. Rest is handled off chain

There is one more main portion which I skipped over before knowingly, and that is the ReactJs/Frontend portion. For connection of our smartcontract and backend we will be using react-js. The main idea is that we will be generating whitelisted signatures in the backend directly by providing publicKey, nonce and tokenId we want to create (or we can check if the user is valid or not and then create a signature on the go). So in this case when the user wants to invoke the method he will call the backend which will send him the signature after that from the frontend signature, nonce and tokenId will be passed through metamask transaction and if those 3 are correct transaction will be executed, else it will decline. Please note here that the combination of 4 (caller,signature, nonce, tokenId) must be correct for the transaction to be executed. Even if 1 of them is wrong transaction will not go through
